Fix the table format in watch.md (#1090)
wandb/docs: content/ref/python/watch.md

| Args |  |
| :--- | :--- |
|  `models` | A single model or a sequence of models to be monitored. | 
|`criterion `| The loss function being optimized (optional). |

> |`log `| Specifies whether to log "gradients", "parameters", or "all". Set to None to disable logging. (default="gradients") |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`log `| Specifies whether to log `gradients`, `parameters`, or `all`. Set to `None` to disable logging. (default="gradients") |
```

> |`log_freq `|: Frequency (in batches) to log gradients and parameters. (default=1000)| 

Reviewer: I'm doing a little research about what this option is about. The description is confusing me.

> |`log_freq `|: Frequency (in batches) to log gradients and parameters. (default=1000)| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`log_freq `|: How frequently to log gradients and parameters, expressed in batches. (default=1000)| 
```
